foreign
we can see we can hear
as all of these live streams apparently
need to start
should be ultra low latency so the day
hey there we go
hi guys
yay
let's hope it stays that way and obs
doesn't try to dip out on me
like it did on tuesday
hey
[Music]
all righty let's get the introductions
out of the way as people
come in who are available to come in or
who even want to come in who knows
i'm brittany this is wei ying and
welcome to gay watch where we watch gay
things
today we are continuing the city arc of
the mojave official english translation
and we pretty much i think we got done
with the fun stuff and now we're headed
for the absolute unbelievable unholy
tragedy that is the rest of ye city ark
but we're going to give it just a couple
of minutes so that people can get in who
are available to get in and then we will
get started
um i have not read this book i have seen
the untamed and
so far that's about it uh i have not
seen the donghua although that's coming
um and the manhunt just got
an official english translation that
comes out in like december apparently
it's not explicit which
you know okay but we got we're still
getting an official english translation
of it
which is super exciting
i'm really happy that i just want all
the versions
i just want all the versions of modesu
shay
on
my freaking shelf you know you know i
mean if not that shelf if not the actual
mantle
then i have a tiny shelf off to the left
i just want all the models ouchey there
um somebody talked about somebody on the
discord talked about how they wanted to
try and avoid buying volume one of my
daughter for like the third time
but i'm like no the third time
done yes absolutely what other possible
version could i buy i'll buy it
uh in case you're new in case this is
your first time joining a uh read with
me stream
this uh since i haven't read the book
this is kind of like a reading reaction
sort of a book reaction deal
it's not any kind of um and i say this
every time just so that we're all clear
it's not any kind of audiobook situation
this is not any kind of professional or
amateur trying to be a professional
type of reading i'm literally reading it
for the first time
and
reacting accordingly
so that's the kind of vibe we got going
on here we've got people doing all kinds
of stuff
um
as as i read some people are knitting
crocheting
uh
working doing homework maybe just
sitting around having lunch
like people people do all kinds of stuff
while listening to this and it's not
any kind of professional atmosphere i
cannot offer that to you
but if you're up for some screaming and
flailing and crying and sobbing and
poorly pronounced chinese words
i'm your girl i'm here
hi
oh anez you're working on a sketch of
snake lady from guardian
that is well worth your time you're
gonna share it on the discord right if
you're comfortable obviously but right
uh
yes jamie the one specific fandom shelf
i'm gonna need i'm actually looking for
a bigger bookshelf to go in between the
two windows i have right here
so that i can put more fandom [__] in my
room i actually need to get going on the
um the collage the untamed collage that
i want to make that's going to go right
back there above the mantle that'll be
all like nice and framed and stuff
um i really need to get going on that
the problem is it's going to be
expensive
because it's basically just
glorifying a bunch of uh red bubble
untamed
stickers into an artful arrangement
basically and when you get enough of
those they add up
[Music]
oh see couscous knows couscous knows
they're here with a bottle of wine that
is a that is that is how we party here i
actually i don't have anything alcoholic
today
which considering it's e-city i probably
should have but i just have water today
we are
at
hello
we are at page where the top of page
8485. hang on let me let me
verify
oh right yes yes yes
we were right at the point where um
[Music]
we were
shane
basically went where he was needed which
was
babysitting
and
in the midst of everybody fighting
because you know he doesn't have a sword
yeah and they were finally following um
you know that strange girl with the
bamboo pole tapping
we're we're finally seeing where
she went because we got the idea that
maybe she's not like
trying to kill us maybe she's actually
trying to help us
whoo
so we're about right in the middle of
page 84.
uh
it starts with um
they had followed the sound
if you have it do you have your books
yet
i for various reasons need to have um
amazon prime so i got it like the day it
came out which was apparently ahead of
everybody else
i mentioned it earlier we're coming up
we are we're coming up on
the next bit of art
which i should probably have my window
up then so that
when i show it to you guys i actually
show it to you guys
and i don't like
show it off camera that would be
embarrassing
oh can i do that i can
okay
getting to that spot where i can
see you guys talking but not have to
see myself because i get distracted
it's just super weird
alrighty now that it's been a few
minutes and people have been able to
come on in we're gonna go ahead and get
started
as previously stated we're in the middle
of page 84.
right smack dead in the middle of ye
city everything
i hope you're in the mood to cry
because that's what we'll probably be
doing for the next hour and a half
yeah
okay
we we do this to ourselves you realize
over and over again
we just we willingly subject ourselves
anyway
they had followed the sound of the
bamboo pole for half an incense time
making many a turn when the sound came
to an abrupt stop ahead way wushan
extended an arm to stop the boys behind
him and ventured a few steps forward a
lone house stood amidst the thickening
evil miasma
the door of the house was already pushed
open silently waiting for this group of
strangers to enter wei wushan had a
hunch there must be something inside
nothing perilous or life-threatening but
something that could answer some
questions solve some mysteries
since we're already here let's go in he
determined
he lifted his foot and crossed the
threshold as he adjusted to the darkness
he reminded the rest without looking
back watch out for the threshold careful
not to trip
one of the boys indeed almost tripped
over the very tall threshold and was
confused why is the threshold so tall
it's not like this is a temple
it's not a temple but it is also a place
that requires a very tall threshold way
we shan't explain
a few of the boys ignited five to six
elimination talismans and the flickering
orange yellow light brightened the house
there were straw scattered across the
floor at the very front of the house was
an altar underneath it lay several small
stools of various sizes and next to it
on the right was a small pitch dark room
besides that there were seven to eight
ebony black wooden coffins placed around
the room
this is that charitable mortuary the
place that temporarily housed the dead
jindling wondered
yep we were shane confirmed bodies
unclaimed by their family bodies too
unlucky to be kept in a home and bodies
waiting to be buried are usually stashed
in charitable mortuaries
you could say it's a postal station for
the dead
the small room on the right was likely
the overnight room for the caretakers of
the charitable of the charitable
mortuary
land suzuki asked mochambe why are the
thresholds of charitable mortuaries
built so high
to guard against corpses that have
turned way wuchan replied lynching e ass
looking blank do taller thresholds stop
corpses from turning
they don't we would shane explain but
sometimes they can stop turned corpses
from getting out that was my theory i
was like you make it high because they
can only shuffle so then they just
it's kind of a hilarious mental image
but you know what i mean
he turned and stood in front of the
threshold let's say i died and my corpse
had just been reanimated
the boys nodded watching in baffled
confusion weirshan continued the
reanimation only just took place so
aren't my limbs all stiff wouldn't there
be many actions i can no longer perform
jindling replied well duh you wouldn't
even be able to walk you can't move your
legs so you can only hop he trailed off
understanding dawning on him that's
right we wishing confirmed it's
precisely because i can only hop
he pressed his legs together and
attempted to hop outside but because the
threshold was so high was too high he
was obstructed every single time his
feet knocking against that barrier
the clan juniors found this site
absolutely hilarious because it is it's
hysterical
at the thought of a turned corpse trying
to desperately hop out but being
thwarted by the threshold each time they
burst out laughing
way wushan continued you see
don't laugh this is full of wisdom as
tacky as it is and as crude as it looks
it's effective against low level turned
corpses even if the turn corps trips on
the threshold and falls out its stiff
limbs won't allow it to crawl back up in
a timely manner
by the time it can get to its feet
either the sky will be brightening and
the rooster's crowing or it'll be
discovered by the caretakers here it's
impressive actually for common folks
without cultivation backgrounds to have
thought of this method
jin ling laughed had laughed too but his
laughter faded immediately why did she
bring us to this charitable mortuary do
walking corpses not surround this place
where did she run off to
maybe they really don't weirshan said
we've been standing here for how long
now have any of you seen walking corpses
shambling around
just as he spoke the apparition of the
girl suddenly appeared on top of a
coffin
since everyone had carefully examined
the girl's appearance earlier under way
with shan's lead including her bleeding
eyes and tongue-less mouth no one felt
nervous or scared to see her again
just as waywa shan had said one's
courage grew in tandem with the number
of times one was spooked and thus one
could face these situations calmly
the girl did not possess a solid body
and her spirit form emitted a faint
haunting glow she was dainty in frame
the shape of her face similarly petite
if she was cleaned up she would be the
charming lovely girl next door but
seeing how she sat cross-legged she had
none of the required manners
the bamboo pole she used as her cane was
leaning sloppily against the coffin and
she dropped her two skinny little legs
down to impatiently swing them back and
forth
still sitting atop the coffin she
slapped lightly on the lid
then she jumped down circling around the
coffin making gestures at them her
gestures were easy to understand this
time it was the motion of open
she wants us to help her open this
coffin jin ling asked lance's always
speculated could it be her body lying
inside and she's hoping we'll give her a
proper burial
this was the most logical deduction many
souls were not were not at peace because
their bodies hadn't received proper
burials
we should have shuffled to one side of
the coffin while several boys stood on
the other wanting to help him lift the
lid
no need to help stand back where was han
instructed got to be careful that it's
not a cadaver that gives you a face full
of corpse toxin or something
he lifted the coffin lid open by himself
and threw it back letting it fall to the
ground when he peered in
he indeed saw a cadaver
however it wasn't the body
it wasn't the dead body of the girl but
of someone else
it was the body of a young man placed in
a very peaceful posture
under the folded hands there lay a whisk
dressed in a snow white taoist robe the
contours of the bottom half of his face
were fine and elegant his complexion was
pale and his lips were light in color
the upper half of his face was wrapped
in layers upon layers of bandages the
width of four fingers
under the bandage where the eyes should
have been however there was no visible
curve it was sunken in
there were no eyes there at all only two
empty holes
and there's art of this just to uh twist
the knife in
it's the next art
how
beautiful this is very um thanks i hated
vibes going on going on right now
and is it just me
or does he even kind of look like
you know
you know who from
the untamed the actual actor from the
untamed
it kind of does
but i may just be projecting
when the girl heard heard them open the
coffin lid she shuffled over and reached
her hand in to fumble about
when her hands felt the corpse's face
she stomped her feet and two streams of
blood tears
flowed from her blind eyes
everyone understood without the need of
any words or gestures
this lonesome corpse placed in this
lonesome charitable mortuary
[Music]
the tears of a phantom could not fall
the girl let her tears roll silently for
a moment before suddenly gritting her
teeth and rising to her feet
she awed at them looking pressed and
furious like she desperately wanted to
tell her tale
should i use inquiry again lanchazooy
asked
no way we shan's replied we might not be
able to guess the questions she wants to
ask us
she wants us to ask
besides i think her answers would be
very complicated very hard to interpret
although he didn't say you probably
wouldn't be able to handle it lanchizu
nonetheless felt somewhat ashamed he
inwardly resolved once i get back i must
practice inquiry more diligently
i must reach hang on june's level and
know everything by heart be able to ask
and answer it will to interpret and
understand immediately
my son it's okay
lanzini asked what do we do then
use empathy i guess waywa shan said use
empathy i guess use empathy i guess i
guess use empathy i guess
i guess i guess we could use empathy i
guess
that's not gonna lead
you know anywhere terrible anywhere
heartbreaking we'll use empathy i guess
it's whatever it's yeah we'll just we'll
use empathy i guess you know
every major clan had their own expert
way of obtaining intelligence and
gathering information from resentful
spirits empathy was what we shan was an
expert at his method wasn't as advanced
as those other clans anyone could use it
he'd invite the resentful spirit to
directly possess him using his own body
as a medium to plunge into into the
deceased soul's memories
he would hear what they heard see what
they saw feel what they felt um
if the soul of the deceased had
particularly strong emotions his own
body would be affected by their sorrow
their rage their relation and so on
hence the name empathy so
it's worse
basically is is is what i'm hearing it's
it's [__] worse
than
the show made it out to be and the show
made it out to be pretty bad
but it's worse
but let's use it i guess
of the various spiritual approaches
empathy could be said to be the most
direct the simplest and the swiftest and
thus the most effective
of course it was also the most dangerous
possession by a resentful spirit was
generally feared and avoided at all
costs empathy was playing with fire no
wonder why luchan's good at it
are we surprised no
no
oh
god i'm so incensed i lost my place
a single mishap would cause one to reap
what they had sowed
this is fun no i'm having fun if the
resentful spirit changed its mind and
took advantage of the situation having
your body be taken over was the best
case scenario
jindaling protested that's too dangerous
not a single one of those evil spells
would way we shan't cut them off all
right we're out of time stand in
position all of you quickly we still
gotta go back to find hang on june when
we're done jin ling you are the monitor
the monitor was an essential actor in
the empathy ritual to keep from sinking
too deeply into the emotions of the
resentful spirit and being unable to
extricate themselves the empathizer
needed to agree on a signal with the
monitor ideally a phrase or voice the
empathizer was very familiar with the
monitor would supervise the entirety of
the session as soon as they sensed the
situation turning sour they needed to
act immediately to pull the empathizer
out
jingling pointed at himself
me you want me you want me to supervise
you doing such a thing
if jin gangshi won't let me land shizui
said
jin ling did you bring that silver bell
way was shannon asked
the silver the silver bell was a
signature accessory accessory of the
chain clan of young mong
jin ling had been raised by two families
staying at the golden carp tower of the
jin clan of landling half the time and
at the lotus peer of the jain clan of
young among the other half
thus he should have things from both
families on him
sure enough though he looked immensely
doubtful he took out a quaint little
bell the jane clans insignia the nine
pedaled lotus was engraved on its body
why is this making me emotional
if this is making my throat close
i am in for
the next hour of existence boy let me
tell you
no no
we're fine wait was shane stared at the
silver bell for a moment jin ling sent
something strange about that look and
asked what
nothing wade roshan said and took the
bell passing into lane shizuri
the silver ball of the jan clan of young
one can steady the mind and bolster
clarity
let's leave let's use this as the secret
signal
jingling snatch the bell back i'll do it
lynching you snorted unwilling one
second willing the next turning sunny or
gloomy with caprice a temper befitting a
young mistress
wait we shan't turn to the girl come
enter
that girl wiped her eyes and face then
hurtled herself into his body and forced
her entire soul inside
there's a sentence
weber shane slowly slid down along the
coffin as he sank to the floor
the boys hustled together and dragged a
bunch of straw over to cushion him while
jin ling clutched the bell tightly his
thoughts indiscernible
when the girl came crashing in wade
wischen suddenly thought of a problem
this [__] man this [__] man it's
not until another soul
is crashing into
and joining with his body where he's
like oh [__] i forgot
that one thing that could be horribly
disastrous that one problem oops
[Music]
this little girl is blind
if i emphasiz if i empathize with her
won't i be blind too unable to see a
thing the investigation won't be as
effective
whatever listening is pretty much the
same
the world spun about him in waves until
what was once a feather light spirit
seemed to land on solid ground when the
girl opened her eyes way way shannon's
eyes opened with hers unexpectedly his
field of view wasn't pitch black the
sight before him was a field of
flourishing greenery he could actually
see presumably the girl wasn't yet blind
at this point in her memories
what weirshan saw in empathy was the
memories with the most intense emotions
the stories she most wanted to tell
all he needed to do was watch quietly
simply feel what she felt in this moment
they shared the same senses the girl's
eyes were his eyes her mouth was his
mouth
this girl sat by a small stream using
her reflection in the water to groom
herself although her clothes were
tattered she still needed to keep up
with the basics of tidiness
she tapped out a beat with the tips of
her toes humming a small tune as she did
her hair but no matter how she coiled it
she seemed to find it dissatisfactory
way wushan felt a thin wooden hairpin
poking about here and there in her locks
suddenly she looked down at her own
reflection in the water willow shane's
line of sight followed
reflected in the stream was a young girl
with a heart-shaped face curving to a
pointy chin
there were no pupils in the young girl's
eyes they were a blank field of nothing
but white
way roushant thought she clearly looks
blind but i can see right now
having done her hair she dusted off her
behind and left to her feet picking up
her bamboo pole as she went
she skipped as she traveled down the
road and swung the bamboo bowl as she
walked beating at the branches and
leaves above her head picking up the
rocks at her feet scaring the
grasshoppers in the grass not stopping
for a single moment
some distance ahead people approached
the girl immediately stopped skipping
and held the bamboo pole properly
hitting it against the ground as she
walked at an exasperating pace looking
very careful and prudent it was a group
of village girls that had crossed her
path they all made way at the sight of
her whispering in each other's ears the
girl nodded hastily thank you thank you
one of the village girls seemed to be
sympathetic at the sight of her she
peeled back the white cloth covering her
basket to retrieve a hot steaming bun to
pass over
chamele do watch your feet are you
hungry here take this
the girl gasped and said gratefully how
could i possibly i
that village girl stuffed the bun in her
hand just take it and so she took it
aching thanks gigi
so the girl's name was auching
bitting the village girls farewell
auching quickly gobbled down the steamed
bun and began to bounce merrily again
way was shannon forced to skip along
with her and her body was getting quite
dizzy
this girl certainly knows how to cut
loose i get it now she's pretending to
be blind she was probably born with
those wide eyes while she appears to be
blind she can in fact see she's using
that putting on an act to deceive others
and win sympathy
alone wandering seemingly blind child
since others thought she couldn't see it
was only natural they dropped their
guard around her when in fact she could
see everything and react accordingly all
in all it was a clever way to protect
herself
but aching's spirit was truly blind
meaning she had lost her sight at some
point while alive so how did she go from
being fake blind to genuinely blind
could she have seen something
she shouldn't have
when there was no one around auching
would skip when there when there was
she'd cower and act like a blind person
stopping and going in turn she haltingly
came to a marketplace
the presence of a crowd meant she had to
display her acting abilities to the
fullest of course she wasn't in her
element performatively tapping and
knocking with her bamboo pole as she
sluggishly moved through the stream of
people
suddenly she bumped headfirst into a
middle-aged man dressed in vibrant
sumptuous clothes
appearing petrified she stammered
incessantly i'm sorry i'm sorry i can't
see i'm sorry
what did she mean she couldn't see she
was clearly targeting the man
having been bumped into the man
furiously whipped his head around
looking like he wanted to curse out loud
but when he saw it was a blind person
and a pretty young girl at that he knew
he'd be criticized by those milling
around him if he slapped her in the
middle of the street
if he slapped her under any circumstance
different time period different time
period it's fine it's fine it's fine
so he only spat a nasty reply watch
where you're going
arching apologized nonstop but the man
remained riled up even as he made the
storm off he reached out to give
oching's rear end a crass hard pinch it
was as if he'd pinched way with shane's
ass as well since he felt what she did
the pinch made his skin crawl with acres
of goosebumps and he dearly wanted
nothing but to knock that man to the
ground [__] the same
aching cowered into a ball looking
terrified but when the mane was gone she
tapped and prodded her way to a covert
alleyway where she immediately spat on
the ground in contempt
she took a money pouch from her robes
and poured out its contents
after she counted the money she bought
again
sticking faster dressed like he's all
fancy but barely a coin on him grab him
by the neck and shake him and you won't
even get a clink for the trouble
way wuchan didn't know whether to laugh
or cry aching was only in her teens
probably wasn't even 15 but she sure was
smooth when it came to spitting out
insults and smoother still when it came
to picking pockets
he thought if you pick my pocket you
definitely wouldn't curse like that i
was once rich you know
he was still lost in wonder at his own
impoverished state when aching found her
next target she exited the alleyway
resuming her blind act she walked for a
stretch then employing the same trick
yelped as she bumped into a white clad
taoist cultivator
she cried again i'm sorry i'm sorry i
can't see i'm sorry
way we share and shook his head not even
gonna change your lines sweetie
that cultivator swayed from the impact
then turned his head and helped steady
her before considering himself
i'm fine can you not also see miss
this man was very young his taoist robes
simple and clean
strapped to his back was a long sword
wrapped in white cloth the bottom half
of his face was clean cut and shapely
albeit somewhat emaciated the upper half
of his face was wrapped with a bandage
the width of four fingers
from beneath the bandage there bloomed
the faint color of blood
aching seemed to go blank for a moment
before she could manage a reply
uh yeah then walk slower do not move so
fast it'll be no good if you bump into
anyone else shushing chinchid
he didn't say a word about how he
couldn't see either holding her hand he
led her to the side of the road
walk on the side of the road there are
fewer people
his speech and actions were both gentle
and careful watching his hand reached
out then hesitated in the end she still
speedily swiped the money pouch that
hung on his waist
watching thanks
i need to look this word up gige jj
we'll go with gige
for now
unless somebody knows
it's not gay it's dao jong xiao xing
shen replied watching plinked
blinked it's dao zhang but gay gay as
well
chuckled
since you wish to call me gage
why don't you return giggy's money pouch
gaga thank you
even if auching's street hooligan
fingers had been 10 times faster she
still couldn't deceive the scent and the
senses of a cultivator
immediately knowing she was in trouble
she bolted with the pole in hand but
didn't even manage two steps before
shaoxing chen seized her by the collar
did i not oh did i not say to not run so
fast what if you bump into someone again
aching struggled and fought her mouth
moved upper teeth biting down on her
bottom lip way wushan thought oh no
she's gonna yell harassment
just then a middle-aged man whirled
around the street corner in a rush when
he saw auching his eyes lit up swearing
and grumbling he stalked over i caught
you you little [__] give me back my
money
the cussing wasn't enough to exhaust his
anger he raised a hand to slap her and
aching shut her eyes and hunched in
fright
unexpectedly the strike was stopped
before it could land on her cheek
please keep calm sir shaoxing chen said
it is not is it not improper to treat a
little girl like this
aching cracked her eyes open and sneak
to peek
though the middle aged man had obviously
put a great deal of force into the blow
his hand was seemingly effortlessly held
in place by shaoxing chen
he couldn't move an inch
the man was clearly nervous but he
remained stubborn you're blind ass
butting in out of nowhere what are you
trying to act the hero for what is this
little [__] your lover do you know
she's a thief she stole my money pouch
since you're shielding her you're a
thief too
shashington was restraining the man with
one hand while his other held a-ching by
the scruff he turned his head to her
return his money
aching quickly dug out the bit of money
in her robes and handed it over shaoxing
chen released the middle-aged man who
counted the coins and then peered at
shashing chen
the amount was correct and it was clear
the cultivator was no one to mess with
so he could only leave shane faced
you've got such nerve shaoxing commented
to think you dare go around stealing
when you can't see
aching bounced furiously he followed me
up he pinched my butt it hurt you know
so what if i took a bit of his money
such a big pouch was so little in there
how is he not embarrassed being so mean
trying to hit people penniless bastard
you were the one who bumped into him and
made a move with your sticky fingers now
he's the one at fault such flawless
logic weibuchan thought
shaoxing shook his head
if that were the case it was even more
reason for you not to provoke him if no
one else had been around today this
would not have ended with a single slap
look out for yourself miss
he then turned and walked off in a
different direction he didn't even ask
for his own money pouch back eh way
washan thought
this shishu of mine sure was kind to the
fair sex
aching clutched the small money pouch
she had stolen and stood there dumbly
for a while then she suddenly stuffed it
in her robes and chased after shaoxing
chen still knocking around with her
bamboo pole until she ran head first
into shaoxing chen's back so he had to
steady her again
is there something else
your money pouch is still with me she
exclaimed you can have it shaoxing janus
assured her there isn't much in there
but don't go stealing again before it
has been spent
he's just really he's just really kind
it's
i heard that stinking penalist bastard
cursing at you so you're blind too
a-chang asked
at the latter half of her sentence
shaoxing chen's face dimmed instantly
and his smile almost vanished
the innocent oblivious words of a child
were the deadliest of all children were
ignorant and it was precisely their
ignorance that most keenly wounded the
heart
red bloomed and thickened beneath the
bandage wrapped around shaoxing's eyes
nearly seeping through the cloth
he raised his hand and ghosted his
fingers over it arm shaking faintly as
he covered it from view
the pain of plucking out his own eyes
wasn't easily healed and neither were
the wounds left in its wake
thinking he was just dizzy declared
happily why don't i tag along with you
from now on
shashing chen give an arduous smile
follow me for what are you going to
become a taoist priestess
you're a big blind i'm a little blind oh
if we travel together we can watch out
for each other i've got no dad no mom
and nowhere to stay why does it matter
who i go with or where i go with them
she was very clever afraid chashing chen
would reject her and quite certain he
was a good person she added
threateningly if you don't take me along
if you reject me i spend money real
quick i'll spend every penny in no time
and then i'll have to steal and cheat
again and i'll get the beating of a
lifetime and completely lose my wits how
awful would that be huh
shaoxing chen chuckled you are such a
clever little thing
you would be the one tricking people
into losing their wits no one could beat
the wits out of you
having watched this scene way wishing
realized something interesting with the
real shaoxing present for comparison he
could tell that the imposter played by
xu young had truly been a remarkable
imitation
other than his appearance every detail
was vivid and accurate
oh
sorry i just got it i just caught on my
bad let's
let's reread that [__] shall we
with the real xiao xing chen present for
comparison he could tell that the
imposter played by xiu yang had truly
been a remarkable imitation
other than his appearance every detail
was vivid and accurate if someone told
him shu young had been possessed by xiao
xing chen at the time he'd believe it
i hate her i hate her i
hate
mxtx i hate her
oh
[Music]
continued to pester and harass xiao
xing-chen clinging to him the entire
time as she pretended to be both blind
and pitiful
shashing chen told her many times that
accompanying accompanying him was
dangerous but oching refused to listen
even when shaoxing chen paused a village
during their travels to exercise an ox
that was so old it had cultivated a
mischievous mischievous spirit
mischievous spirit it didn't scare her
off she insisted on calling him dow jong
and remain glued to him like a piece of
sticky candy never more than three
meters away at all times
as time went on shashington tacitly
permitted her to stick around perhaps
because he saw that aching was smart
likeable daring and didn't get in his
way or perhaps because she was a little
girl who was also blind like him or
offended alone
at first we roshan thought shaoxing chen
had a destination in mind but several
segments of memory skipped past and
based on the local customs and dialects
of the places they visited his movements
were scattered and unsystematic
it didn't seem he was headed anywhere in
particular but more like he was going on
night hunts at random
whenever he heard of a place where evil
had manifested he'd go tackle the
haunting
maybe what happened with the chang clan
of yu yang was too great a blow way
wushan thought maybe he wanted to do
pardon me
staring at lights all the time makes
this happen every now and then
oh
okay
oh good i was at a distinctive spot
maybe what happened with the chain clan
of yu young was too great to blow where
we shan thought maybe he wanted nothing
to do with the cultivation clans ever
again but couldn't bring himself to
abandon his ideals which was why he
chose to wander from night hunt to night
hunt to help however he could wherever
problems arose
where's where's my spin-off
where's my spin-off
i want the spin-off
i'm just saying
presently shaoxing chen and aching
actually there's a different type of
spin-off that i want
but we'll get to that it's related we'll
get to that
presently shashing chen and oching were
walking down a long even road the grass
growing on the sides of the road was
waist high suddenly octin gasped
shashington immediately asked what's
wrong
oh nothing just twisted my foot aching
replied but way way shane could see
perfectly well that she hadn't gasped
because she twisted her foot
she was walking perfectly fine if she
wasn't acting the part of a blind girl
to keep shashing chen from chewing her
away she could have flown into the sky
in a single bound
watching and exclaimed in shock because
she glimpsed a black figure lying in the
thick grass
although it was unclear whether the
person was alive or dead achin probably
considered them trouble either way she
obviously didn't want shashington to
notice
come on come on let's go to that what
you call it city up ahead and take a
break i'm exhausted she urged
did you not sprain your ankle do you
want me to carry you shashing chen
was ecstatic at the prospect excitedly
tapping the ground with her bamboo pole
yes yes yes
shashington laughed turning to present
his back to her with one knee bent to
the ground aching was just about to
pants aboard when he suddenly stopped
her with a hand keeping her down he rose
to his feet his brows knitted it smells
of blood
you know if he didn't have such a
[__] good sense of smell
everything would have been fine
ah
i'm still mad
aching's nose had also detected the
faint smell of blood but it was weak
under the sway of the night breeze only
surfacing sporadically she played dumb
oh really how come i don't smell nothing
maybe some house nearby is butchering
pigs or chickens
she had only just spoken when as if the
heavens were against her the person in
the grass coughed
though the sound was extremely feeble it
didn't escape shashing chen's ears
he immediately pinpointed its direction
and stepped into the overgrowth
crouching next to the person
seeing how the person had been
discovered auchin stomped her foot and
pretended to fumble over what's wrong
shashington was feeling the person's
pulse there's a person lying here
no wonder it stink of blood so bad
aching said is he dead are we going to
dig a hole and bury him please
it's complicated
a dead man was of course a little less
troublesome than a live one so watching
was anxiously hoping this man was just
that but shaoxing chen replied with he's
not dead yet but he is gravely injured
oh more art so soon
after deliberating for a moment he
gently lifted the person from the ground
and put him on his back
seeing her rightful spot had been
usurped by a stinking man drenched in
blood and that the promised piggyback
ride into town had thus also fallen
through aching powdered and jabbed a
number of deep holes in the ground with
her bamboo pole
but she knew shaoxing chen wouldn't be
dissuaded from saving the man so she
couldn't exactly complain
the two returned to the road and
continued on their way the more they
walked the more way wushan thought it
looked familiar
then suddenly it came to him isn't this
the same road lanchan and i took to ye
city
sure enough at the end of the road
towered ye city
there is art
of them [__] walking into yeast city
look at that look at that dude on his
back
also how gorgeous
what the hell
i mean that's a choice
oh illustrating that of all things
the city gates weren't quite as run down
at this point in time the corner
watchtower was in perfect shape and
there was no graffiti on the city walls
when they passed through the gates the
fog was thicker inside but the
difference was imperceptible compared to
the suffocating miasma of the present
candlelight shone from the doors and
windows of the houses on either side and
there was the murmur of human voices
while still rather desolate there were
signs of life
bearing a heavily wounded blood-soaked
person on his back xiao xin chen must
have been well aware no inns would
accept guests like them
he didn't bother asking around for
overnight lodging but instead inquired
directly with the approaching night
watcher as to whether there were any
unused charitable mortuaries around
there's one over there the night watcher
told him the old caretaker passed away
last month so there's no one managing it
right now irony
seeing xiao xing chen was blind and
would have trouble finding his way over
he voluntarily led them there
it was the very same charitable mortuary
that now has shao xing chen's corpse
after his death
after thanking the night watcher
shashington carried the injured man into
the overnight chamber on the right it
was a mid-sized room with a cot pots and
pans another such cookware he carefully
laid him on the ground then took a pill
from his tranquil pouch and pushed it
past the man's tightly clenched teeth
okay aching felt around for a bit then
exclaimed happily there's so many things
in here there's a pot
is there a stove shashing chen asked yes
aching why don't you find a way to boil
some water be careful not to burn
yourself
aching pursed her lips and got to work
sashing chen felt the man's forehead
then took out another pill
for him to swallow
way washen really wanted a closer look
at the person's face but au-ching
obviously uninterested and extremely
irritated refused to spare him a single
glance
once the water boiled shashington slowly
washed the blood from the man's face
aching stole the curious sideways glance
and let out a soundless huh
the reason for her huh was that once the
man's face was washed clean he was
actually fairly good looking
at the side of his face
wei wushan's heart sank
just as he suspected
it was shu young
enemies are bound to meet on a narrow
road you thought
oh xiao xing chen
you really
have the most rotten luck
young looked like nothing more than a
boy at this point in time
seven parts gently handsome and three
parts child like
who could have imagined that a boy like
this with a smile broad enough to bear
his canines when he grinned could be an
unhinged clan decimating maniac
estimating the timeline this was around
the time jin guan yao took the role of
cultivation chief
judging by shuyong's sorry state he
barely escaped death after being taken
care of by jin guangnao
as the saying went the good day young
and scourges last for a thousand years
on the brink of death shuyong had been
saved by his good old foe xiao xing chen
poor
to have accidentally saved the very
enemy who brought him to this sorry
state never thinking to even carefully
feel the man's face
though watching could see she was not
part of the cultivation world she did
not know shu young nor the grudge
between the two men that ran as deep as
the sea
honestly she didn't even know shaoxing
chen's name
way was shannon heaved another sigh i
feel you shaoxing chen's luck really
couldn't be worse
it was like he decided to
single-handedly shoulder the weight of
all the ill fortune
in the world i hope mxtx was [__]
proud of herself
when she wrote that
just then shu young wrinkled his brows
shaoxing chen was checking him over and
bandaging his wounds sensing the youth
was about to wake he said do not move
shuyong being someone who'd done plenty
of bad things himself was naturally more
vigilant than most the moment he heard
that voice his eyes snapped open and he
immediately sat up rolling to the corner
of the room he was tense and on guard
staring at chashing chen with murder in
his eyes does he technically ever not
have murder in his eyes i feel like the
murder is always there
just always you know
those were the eyes of a cornered beast
they shone with obvious malice and ill
intent and that feeling passed into way
wushan
making his skin crawl he shouted
mentally say something shaoxing must
remember the sound of shuyong's voice
you
shu young started the moment he spoke
wei wushan knew it was over
xiao xing chen wasn't going to recognize
shu young even if he started running his
mouth
it seemed he'd hurt his throat and
coughing up blood had left his voice
raspy enough that no one could possibly
realize they were the same person
what was that about shashing jen's luck
what was that
there was somebody's luck a couple
seconds ago
jesus
jamie got it right got it right on the
head his eyes are either murder
affectionate or murder derogatory bam
bam she wins
shashing chen sat by the bed i told you
not to move he said you will reopen your
wounds otherwise
do not worry i am the one who saved you
i will not hurt you
shu young quick-witted immediately
figured out that shashin chen likely
hadn't recognized him
gears turned in his head he coughed a
few times and ventured a question
who are you
aching interjected a question of her own
you have eyes can't you see a watering
cultivator duh he worked so hard to
carry you back saved your life and fed
you miraculous medicine and yet you're
so mean
shae young turned his gaze on her
immediately his voice was chilly
another blindy
oh no way we shen groaned inwardly
this little thug was sharp cunning and
abnormally alert even arching's white
eyes wouldn't make him drop his guard so
easily
nothing suspicious got past him he'd
blow her cover in an instant if she
wasn't careful
xu young had only spoken a few words it
would have been difficult to determine
he was mean from those scant words alone
unless she'd seen his facial expressions
[__] [__] details mother
it's a live stream i've gotta ease up on
the curse words
fortunately aching had been lying all
her life
she immediately responded what you look
down on blind folks any blind folks that
saved you you'd be writing on the
roadside otherwise and no one would care
not even a word of thanks to dao zhang
when you wake up how rude
and calling me a blindie too
so what if i'm blind
she successfully changed the subject and
shifted his focus looking both indignant
and aggrieved as she went off on a
grumbling tangent
shashing chen hastily went to console
her xu young leaning against the wall in
the corner rolled his eyes shashing chen
then turned to him again
do not lean against the wall i have yet
to finish bandaging the wound on your
leg come here
shu young considered the idea with a
cool expression shashin chan added if
you put off treating it for much longer
your leg might give out for good
at those words shu young made his choice
lewishand surmised his thought process
went something like this
he was severely wounded and having
difficulty moving making it unwise to
refuse treatment since shaoxing chen was
full enough to offer himself up why not
accept that fool's help with open arms
and so he abruptly changed face with
gratitude refusing his voice he said
sorry for the trouble dao zhang
having witnessed shuyong's ability to
change in an instant from smiling to
heartless way wushan couldn't help but
break into a cold sweat on behalf of the
two blind folk one real one fake
especially for au ching the faker if she
young ever found out she could see
everything he'd certainly kill her to
protect his secret
although hey we've shared new watching
had most likely been killed by shuyong
in the end he still had to experience
the journey so he couldn't help but be
on tenderhook
suddenly he noticed xu young was subtly
avoiding letting shaoxing chen touch his
left hand
upon closer examination it turned out
that hand had a pinky missing the stump
was an old injury not new and she and
shaoxing chen must have known shuyong
was nine fingered
no wonder she young had worn a black
glove on his left hand when he was
impersonating him
when it came to healing and helping
other people shashing chen gave it his
all
his head was bowed low as he applied
medicinal powder to shuyong's wounds and
when he finished the wounds were
bandaged beautifully
all done but you best not move around
let that broken bone shift lest that
broken bone shift
shu young was now certain xiao xing chen
hadn't recognized him a dummy indeed
even while covered in blood and horribly
disheveled that lazy pleased smile
reappeared on his face
dow jong won't ask who i am
or why i sustained such serious injuries
anyone else would have carefully avoided
the topic in order to conceal their true
identity but he just had to do the
opposite by purposely bringing it up
shashington lowered his head tidying up
the medicine box and bandages as he
calmly replied
since you are not telling why must i pry
i have done nothing but lend a helping
hand to a stranger i met by chance it
was no difficult task for me
once you are healed we will go our
separate ways
if i were in your place there would be
many things i would not wish others to
inquire
wei wushan thought even if shaoxing chen
did ask that little thug would have
fabricated some elaborate seamless story
to throw him off ascent
having a messy pass wasn't something a
person could help shaoxing chen was
being respectful by not probing further
who would have thought shu young would
just so happen to come along and abuse
that respect
who would have thought
mxtx i'll stop yelling at her no i won't
but for now
of this way we shine was certain
shuyong wasn't just going to trick
shaoxing into treating his injuries he
wouldn't obediently go his separate way
once healed either
shu young rested in the caretaker's
overnight room while sashing chen
returned to the main hall of the
charitable mortuary he opened an empty
coffin gathered a few armfuls of straw
from the ground and laid a thick blanket
of said straw at the bottom of the
coffin he then turned to auching
the person in there is injured so the
bed is his
i'm sorry but you will have to sleep
here with straw laid on top it should
not be so cold
aching had been a street urgent street
urchin since she was young
having lived her whole life exposed to
the elements where in the world hadn't
she slept wholly unconcerned she replied
what's there to be sorry about having a
place to sleep is already a pretty sweet
deal it's not cool to stop trying to
give me your outer robe
shaoxing chen patted her head tucked
away his whisk and strapped on his sword
and then went out the door
for safety's sake he forbade her to
follow him when he went on night hunts
aching burrowed into the coffin and lay
there for a while before she suddenly
heard shuyong call to her from the room
next door
blindy come here
watching poked her head out what do you
want
i'll give you some candy shoe young
tempted her
auching's mouth watered it seems she
really wanted the candy and yet she
refused no i'm not coming over
she young threatened her sweetly are you
sure are you saying that because you're
scared do you really believe i can't go
over there and get you if you don't come
here
watching shuddered at the odd tone of
his voice it was even more horrifying
when she imagined that smiling devilish
face
suddenly appearing over the side of the
coffin oh that would be creepy
after a moment of hesitation she picked
up her bamboo pole and tapped
and tapped and beat the ground as she
dragged her feet to the entrance to the
overnight room
before she could speak something small
suddenly came flying at her feet
way roshan wanted to dodge worried it
was some secret weapon but of course
he couldn't control this body he
immediately jolted having realized it's
a trap
that's the end of part three
of chapter eight
damn
we have time we've got like half an hour
left we're totally starting part four
but we're just taking this opportunity
to just stop and absorb for a second
think of it like a mini break you can
run go to the bathroom real quick or
something like that
uh since it's an hour and a half i was
kind of trying to figure out where and
when we could place just little five
minutes or less breaks for people to
just get up and go do something that
they really need to do
ah
so we're going to sit here and absorb
for a second
how much
we loathe
mxtx
yeah we're just gonna ponder on that one
she hates joy she does she hates joy
and innocence
and
all things good and right and fair and
just in the world
who
oh magikarn
magikan magikon magikon magikon
just got out of a meeting i'm glad you
can i'm glad you could make it
meetings generally suck
mxtx loves to make a suffer like truly i
feel
loves like derives a significant amount
of joy
from
robbing it of others
that is true it is nice to read along um
with other people kind of more like
communal suffering although not as sad
as that sounds
oh absolutely
mxtx is a total literary sadist and i
both loathe and admire her for it
i mean
[Music]
the way
she
has set up some
no basically all basically everything in
this book the way she has just
set up the dominoes to knock them all
down
is
absolutely ridiculous and astounding and
painful and hurtful and hurts my
feelings and everybody else's
but it's so good
it's so damn good
ablaze
if anything we should be grateful she
didn't make it worse
yeah i don't even i don't even want to
i don't want to ask the question how is
this worse how could you possibly make
this worse because she would come up
with something
and i don't want to know what the hell
that is i really don't
ugh
man i also need
better eyeliner
[Music]
you know
angie you say it hurts even more on a
reread i've only seen the show
but
it's been pretty damn faithful
to the yeast city it's been pretty damn
faithful in general but it's been pretty
faithful to the east city art and so
just yeah knowing everything
on
a reread on a second experience
is indeed a whole lot worse
because you pick up
on everything
that she dropped so
perfectly so neatly
through the story
that she couldn't have picked up on
otherwise
i aspire to that level of literary
sadism
absolutely
doesn't mean i can't curse her name
though
well maybe someday once i commit some
literary sadism of my own
anez there's definitely something in
this volume that i'm gonna be
embarrassed to read out loud
so would that be like
i'm just theorizing don't tell me don't
tell me don't tell me
embarrassed to read out loud are we
thinking i'm gonna be embarrassed to
read uh explicit scenes
and there's somehow going to be
explicitness in this volume
or is it something like
really silly and
kind of stupid that i would be
embarrassed to read out loud for
secondhand embarrassment
i figured it's probably one of those
i don't know how i'm gonna handle
reading
explicit content aloud
so far thanks to kin porsche i have now
experienced
watching explicit content
in a reaction
but i have yet to actually read anything
out loud so i don't know maybe i'll have
to skip it maybe i'll just relish every
single line with you guys and just be
shameless about it i legitimately don't
know it could go either way
oh no aya don't tell me that
you think mojo she's sad you wait for
tgcf
no
of course tgcf is like twice as long
right
it really is like double the word count
so you know
i wouldn't be surprised you give her
that much extra time and she's just
gonna pack it in she's gonna pack in all
the [__] tragedies she can
don't skip it i'll see
not i
probably won't
if it's like really stupid
maybe
but i don't think she has
if memory serves there's really nothing
there's at least nothing in the untamed
there was really nothing that was like
secondhand embarrassment like some
really silly comedy bits or anything
like that
but who knows
yeah see gina the more pages you give
mxtx the more pain she gives you okay i
believe that
i do
i do yeah mxt just she doesn't really
write stupid now that i'm saying it she
doesn't really write like stupid or
embarrassing like little bits of humor
in
in her inner stuff
which i mean i appreciate because that's
not my sense of humor either um
but you never know maybe there's
something like really gross it's
probably explicit
probably
i don't know will they
will a live stream let me read explicit
stuff all that i'll have to look into
that anyway
break time's over time to revisit the
pain we are at i haven't been keeping
you updated with the page numbers i'm so
sorry
just realized that we are at page 111
it is part four of chapter eight
shu young was testing auchin if she was
really blind she wouldn't be able to
dodge that thing
but ah ching was a veteran faker and
shrewd to boot when she saw the object
come flying at her she didn't bat an eye
she neither dodged nor invaded but let
it hit her in the chest before she
jumped back hey what'd you throw at me
she exclaimed furiously
his plot thwarted shuyong replied candy
duh for you i forgot you were blind and
couldn't catch it it fell by your feet
watching humped and crouched down
feeling around quite believably until
she found the candy she'd never eaten
anything like this before
she swallowed hard gave it a quick uh
wipe then popped it in her mouth and
happily crunched away she young lay in
bed on his side propping his cheek up on
one hand is it yummy blindy
i have a name and it's not blindy
aching said
you won't tell me your name so i have no
choice but to call you that she young
retorted
listen up my name is a ching ching said
don't call me blindy again
then she thought she might have sounded
too harsh
afraid she'd wind up setting him off she
immediately changed the subject you're
so weird all covered in blood so heavily
wounded but yet still carrying candy on
you shu young chuckled gleefully i've
loved sweets ever since i was young
but i never got to have any i could only
watch other people eat them so i thought
to myself one day if i make it big i'll
always keep more candy on me than i
could ever eat
it just so happened auction and finished
the piece in her mouth she licked her
lips not yet satiated apparently the
desire for candy overrode her dislike
for this person
then do you have more she young smiled
of course i do
come here and i'll give you another
creepy creepy just so creepy
watching stuff not because
not
but because he could just like i don't
know i just expect him to just kill
anybody at any given moment in time
because it's him
but he's also too he's like crafty
bat [__] you know
which makes him super hard to predict
aching stood up and tapped a bamboo pole
as she went toward him halfway through
her slow and careful track shuyong's
smile remained unchanged even as an
eerie look glinted in his eyes
soundlessly he drew a long frightening
sword from his sleeve
chang chai
he aimed the tip of the sword in
arching's direction if she took a few
more steps forward she would be skewered
through by chiang chai
but if she hesitated even a moment she'd
expose the fact that she wasn't blind
i mean she could just feel the the sharp
point the sharp end and be like what the
[__] you know she wouldn't be like run
all the way through
waywu shen and arching senses were
connected so he felt the tension
crawling over her however this young
miss was proving to be impressively
gutsy she remained calm and collected
fumbling about like everything was
normal as she moved forward
sure enough when the tip of the sword
was only about a centimeter from her
belly she young withdrew his hand and
tucked jang jai back into his sleeve
he exchanged it for two candies instead
one for arching the other for his own
mouth
watching where did that down genre of
yours go in the middle of the night he
asked archie and crunched on the candy
as she replied i think he went hunting
hunting you mean a night hunt chew young
scoffed
aching asked is it
uh what's the difference they both mean
pretty much the same thing
isn't it just helping other people fight
ghosts and monsters and for free too
way we shared however thought to himself
so astute
it wasn't that aching didn't remember
what it was she remembered everything
xiao xingchen ever said better than
anyone else she had purposely goofed the
term night hunt and the fact that
shuyong corrected her was equal to him
admitting he was also a cultivator
oh
not only had shuyong failed to test her
he'd been tested by her instead though
yet this girl possessed a sharp mind
damn right
yes
disdain colored chew young's face but
his tone was one of confusion can he
even go on night hunts if he's blind
there you go again
auching snapped back furiously so what
if he's blind da jong is super amazing
even though he's blind that sword goes
woo i got one word to describe it and
it's fast
she was gesturing wildly when shuyong
suddenly cut in
it's not like you can see so how do you
know his sword attacks are so fast
watching herself move fast and move to
counter even faster she snapped back
shrewishly if i say it's fast then it's
fast just because i can't see doesn't
mean i can't hear really what exactly
are you trying to say here are you
mocking us blind people
[__] is a genius she's a [__] genius
holy crap
i love her i mean i loved her before
anyway
untamed i already loved her right
she sounded exactly like a naive young
girl gushing about the one she admired
her tone was more than convincing
at this point all three of his attempts
to probe her having been fruitless
shuyong's face finally relaxed he was
probably now convinced that aching truly
was blind
for auching however alarm bells were
sounding the next day shaoxing chen
brought back some wood straw and tiling
materials for roof renovations the
moment he entered aching quietly tugged
him back outside to whisper complaints
for a good while
she told him how suspicious she young
seemed how he clearly shared shaoxing
chen's profession but kept hiding this
and that
she told him how he couldn't be a good
person unfortunately she must have
determined shu young's missing pinky to
be of no significance and thus didn't
mention the most critical point
shashing chen appeased her concerns
since you have already taken his candy
stop trying to chase him off he will
leave on his own once he's healed no one
would want to stay with us in this
charitable mortuary
that was certainly true there was only a
single bed in the shabby place
thankfully there had been no storms
where the roof would have been an issue
too no sensible person would want to
stay here
unfortunately we're talking about shu
young
auching was gearing up to badmouth mouth
shoe young samore when his voice
suddenly came from behind them are you
guys talking about me
he'd actually gotten out of bed again
aching didn't feel in the least but
guilty about being caught in the act
who's talking about you she snapped
don't flatter yourself
she picked up her bamboo pole and tapped
about as she found her way inside she
immediately crept to the window and
ducked down under to continue
eavesdropping
outside the charitable mortuary shaoxing
chen said your injuries have not healed
but you refuse to listen to me and keep
moving about are you sure you'll be all
right
injuries heal faster if you stay active
shu young said
besides it's not like both my legs are
broken i'm used to wounds like these i
grew up catching beatings
you can only hash out what's real and
what's not about you young
on the second experience second and
third experiences you know
only [__] then
shashing chen didn't seem to know how to
respond to that should he console the
youth or treat it like a joke
after a momentary pause he said i see
shu young continued chatting dow jon the
stuff you brought back you're thinking
of repairing the roof
hmm i'll probably stay here for the time
being shashin chen said and with the
sorry state this roof is in it is no
proper place for au-ching or for your
recovery
need my help xiu young offered no need
to trouble you shashingchen declined him
courteously
you really know how to do this dao jong
shuyong asked shashing chen muttered up
much ashamed with a smile and shook his
head
i have not attempted something like this
before
and so the two begin to fix the roof
together
ah
one worked while the other directed shu
young was eloquent and quite the
wisecracker with a wit that carried the
wild and crude tone of the streets it
was likely shashingchen rarely crossed
paths with people like him
it was also clear he was easily
entertained it didn't take much to make
him laugh
listening to their merry conversation
aching soundlessly moved her lips when
carefully observed she seemed to be
hatefully hissing i'll beat you dead you
bad man
she's got the right instinct
wavy sham felt the same way aching did
there we go xi young was gravely injured
and had almost died it wasn't hard to
surmise his old score with shaoxing chen
had set the violence in motion
the hatred that existed between the two
of them was irreconcilable
xiu young was probably desperate to see
shaoxing chen die a violent death
bleeding from all seven apertures and
resting in no peace whatsoever and yet
he could still joke around with him like
this
if wae was shen really had been the one
hiding under the window he would have
killed stu young first and asked
questions later to prevent the calling
forth of future disasters
and he would have been [__] right
unfortunately this wasn't his body and
even if she had the heart aching
was powerless
more art you're kidding
oh
hello hang on let me see if the page
describes it
about a month later
shu young was pretty much recovered
under shashington's attentive care other
than a light limp other than a slight
limp he had no major issues
however he still hadn't brought up the
subject of leaving and continued to
squeeze into the charitable mortuary
with the other two
who knew what he was scheming
one evening after shaoxing chen had
tucked aching in and was about to leave
on a night hunt shuyong's voice suddenly
came forth
dao zhang
how about taking me along tonight
though his vocal cords must have healed
by now he purposely continued to mask
his voice changing his normal timber to
a different octave shashing chen smiled
that won't do i laugh whenever you speak
and if i laugh my sword will not be
steady
okay
then i won't talk she unpleated
pitifully i'll just carry your sword and
be a good helper come on don't brush me
off like this okay
he was used to playing cute selling
people on his charm he spoke to older
people as if he were their baby brother
and xiao xingchen who seemed to have
cared for his younger martial siblings
during his time in bausch and sanrin
sect had very naturally accepted the boy
as his junior
i'm learning that xiu young was also in
the same profession as him he happily
agreed
shu young's definitely not helping
shaoxing and night hunts out of the
kindness of his heart way wishing
thought if watching doesn't follow them
she's going to miss some important
information
but as expected aching was a sharp girl
and immediately knew that xiu young
likely harbored ill intent
once the two left she hopped out of the
coffin and followed she kept her
distance out of fear of being discovered
but the two walked quickly and it didn't
take long for her to lose their trail
oh my god more art we're just being
inundated okay hang on hang on hang on
let me show you that i mean this is this
this is this is uh quite stunning thank
you
look at that shooting and trashing chen
it's like i i just i can't really
describe
how art like this makes me feel it's
very get the [__] away from him but also
move closer
kind of vibe
i'm super ambivalent really right now
it's
an experience
but see then there's like more
[Music]
anyway
jamie how absolutely heartwarming
yeah
thankfully shashin chen had mentioned
while watching while washing vegetables
earlier that a small village nearby was
being harassed by walking corpses and
had cautioned them both not to run
around
aching remembered that village and ran
straight there arriving not long after
she crawled through a small hole under
the fence by the entrance hid behind a
house and then stealthily poked her head
out
wayne roushan wasn't sure if auching
understood what she was seeing with that
little peek
but his own heart froze
shu young stood smiling by the roadside
with his arms crossed and head tilted
shashing chen was in front of him the
silver light of shanghai scintillated as
xiao xinjian brandished his sword and
stabbed a villager right through the
heart
that villager was a living human
if auching had been an ordinary young
girl she would have certainly screamed
aloud right then and there but she had
faked being blind for many years people
often let down their guard in front of
her thinking she couldn't see and as a
result she'd witnessed countless acts of
ugliness and cruelty that had helped her
forge a heart of steel she forcibly kept
herself from uttering a single sound
even so way wishing sensed the wave of
numbness coursing up her legs
standing at the center of a circle of
slain villagers shashington sheet the
sword
are there really no living humans left
in the village he wondered aloud
solemnly
everyone is a walking corpse
xu young's lips were hooked upward in a
smile but the voice coming from those
same lips sounded shocked and pained
that's right thank goodness that sword
of yours can automatically guide itself
towards quartz tea
it'd be hard for the two of us to break
through a siege like this otherwise
yeah yeah
yeah he can get the [__] away from him
now
basically
that's that's where you're at
from one page to the next
we are at
page 120.
let's inspect the village one more time
shaoxing chen said if there really are
no living humans left we will have to
burn these walking corpses as soon as
possible
they walked off side by side after they
gone some distance feeling finally
return feeling finally returned to
aching's legs she slipped out from
behind the house and approached the pile
of corpses keeping her head down and
looking left and right way wishing sight
flitted to and fro along with hers
the villagers had all been killed by
shaoxing chen with one clean stabbed to
the heart
waywishan noticed a few familiar faces
in prior segments of memories when the
three went out during the day they had
encountered a group of idlers
sitting oh that's a typo
uh sitting with one tee
a group of idlers sitting at the
intersection to the village and playing
dice
when the men glanced over at them and
saw a big blind person a little blind
person and a little limping [__] they
all burst out laughing and pointing
aching spat at them angrily swinging her
her bamboo pole while shaoxing chen
pretended not to hear and walked past
with a neutral face
shu young had given them a smile
however those eyes of his carried
no merc
oching flipped over a number of corpses
in succession peeling back their eyelids
they were all white eyed and some of
their faces were already covered with
little liver mortis she sighed in relief
but way wushan's heart was sinking low
and lower and lower although these
individuals looked a lot like walking
corpses they were all real alive people
it was simply that they had been
poisoned with corpse toxin
weiwoushan noticed remnants of purplish
red powder near the mouths and noses of
the bodies
of course the ones who'd been poisoned
too deeply and lost their minds were
beyond help but there were some who
weren't as deeply poisoned and could
have been saved
these villagers hadn't been poisoned for
too long they exhibited the
characteristics of a turned corpse and
emitted corpse chi but they could think
and speak they were still alive and if
they were treated they could be saved
just as lan jinyi and the other boys had
been
killing them in error was no different
from slaughtering the living
they should have been able to talk could
have proven their identities could have
called for help but the awful thing was
that someone had cut out their tongues
beforehand
every single body had blood drooling
from their mouth or dried by the corners
of the lips
although shashing chen couldn't see
xuanghwa could point him in the
direction of corpse chi
since the villagers had no tongues and
could only cry out strangely in a way
that made them sound like walking
corpses he was certain that was what
they were as he killed them
shuyong was a complete maniac
killing by proxy repaying kindness with
hatred a vicious backstabber
auching didn't understand such
intricacies however
what meter knowledge she had was derived
from things shaoxing chen mentioned
offhand that bad man she mumbled to
herself could he really be helping
dabjong
don't believe shu young so easily wushan
thought
absolutely did not
thankfully auching's instincts were
sharp while she couldn't find anything
suspicious in what she'd witnessed her
guard against shuyong had already was
already deeply ingrained
she instinctively disliked him she
couldn't relax around him and so
whenever she young went with shashing
chen on night hunts she'd secretly
follow even when they interacted under
the same roof she stayed constantly on
her toes
one evening while the wintry wind howled
the three of them squeezed together by
the shabby hearth in the small room for
warmth
shaoxington was repairing a torn basket
and notching was curled by his side and
wrapped snugly in the only blanket
around
shuyong meanwhile listened to watching
incessantly badger shashington to tell
her a story and looked quite bored with
his cheek propped on his hand
stop your whining he said annoyed keep
that up and i'll tie your tongue
watching ignored him completely and
continued to beg da jong i want to hear
your story
no one ever told me stories when i was
younger so i do not know how to tell
them xiao xingchen replied but auchin
continued pestering him clearly ready to
start rolling around on the ground
shashing chen relented
all right
let me tell you a tale from the mountain
a-ching said helpfully once upon a time
there was a mountain and up on the
mountain there was a temple
no shaoxing said
once upon a time there was a nameless
immortal mountain and on the nameless
mountain there lived an immortal who had
attained enlightenment
this immortal took in many disciples but
they were forbidden to descend the
mountain
way wushan understood immediately
bashan sanren
why were they forbidden to descend the
mountain aching asked
because the immortal herself did not
understand the world below the mountain
that was why she had hidden herself
there she said to her disciples if you
descend the mountain do not bother to
return
do not bring the conflict of the outside
world back with you
how could anyone endure that achieving
wondered there must have been disciples
who couldn't help sneaking down the
mountain to play
indeed shashing chen said the first to
descend from the mountain was an
outstanding disciple
when he first descended everyone admired
and praised him for his strong abilities
and he became a distinguished cultivator
on the orthodox path
but he later experienced something that
greatly changed him and was suddenly
transformed into an evil overlord who
killed without batting an eye
in the end he was cut down by the
weapons of many
this was the first of
bausch and sanrin's disciples to have
met a bad end yanling darren
what exactly had weirshan's martial
uncle encountered to make him change so
drastically it continued to be a mystery
to this day and it was unlikely anyone
would ever learn the truth
shaoxing finished repairing the basket
and felt its surface to ensure it
wouldn't prick one's hand satisfied he
put it down and continued his tale
the second was a female disciple also
outstanding
warmth enveloped weiwu shan's chest
kang sanrin
yeah
i think i
believe is she pretty achieving asked
i do not know
xing chen replied she was said to be
very beautiful
watching propped her face up with both
hands oh i know then after she descended
the mountain there must have been a lot
of people who liked her and wanted to
marry her she must have married a
high-ranking official or the head of a
major family
shaoxing chen laughed you guessed wrong
she married a servant who attended the
head of a major family and the two ran
off to faraway lands
i don't like that notching scoff why
would an outstanding beautiful fairy
like her fall for a servant this story
is stupid some sour broke-ass scholar
probably made it up and then what
happened after they traveled to faraway
lands
and then a mishap occurred during a
night hunt and they both lost their
lives shaoxing concluded
what kind of story is this
marrying a servant fine but then they
both died together i'm not listening to
this anymore
if she ain't a mood
a whole ass mood the only mood
good thing xiao xingchen didn't tell her
that those two also birthed the famously
evil overlord whose demise everyone
called for otherwise she just might spit
on me too where we shan't thought
shashing chen was resigned this is why i
said at the start that i am no good at
telling stories
then dao zhang you at least remember
your experiences from those past night
hunts right
i jing prompted i love hearing about
those tell me what kind of monsters have
you fought in the past
shu young's eyes were half-litted this
entire time he only barely seemed to be
listening but at aching's question his
eyes focused his pupils contracted and
he looked a sconce at xiao xing chen
well there are too many of those xiao
xing chen replied
really asked cho young suddenly then was
dojong still going on night hunts all
alone in the past
the corners of his lips were curled in
an obvious expression of malice but his
voice was full of innocent curiosity
shashington paused and smiled softly
no
oh
[Music]
oh oh mm-hmm
actually ha ching was interested now who
else was there
this is going to hurt my feelings isn't
it
it's going to give me
[Music]
the
queerness that i desire but it's gonna
hurt my feelings
that should be the tagline under
anything by mxtx okay
this time
shashington paused even longer it was a
good while before he replied
it was a good while before he replied
my most intimate friend
okay
all right i'll see you i see you
there was a peculiar glint in shuyong's
eyes the smile hanging off his lips
deepened picking at shaoxing scars had
given him considerable pleasure aching
however was genuinely curious what kind
of person is your friend darjeong what's
he like
sashington easily replied a sincere
gentleman of high moral character
she unrolled his eyes disdainfully at
this he seemed to have mouthed a few
curse words his lips forming their shape
afterwards he pretended to be puzzled
then john where is your friend now with
the state you're in how come he hasn't
come looking for you
this guy is such a cruel little knife
way wushan thought
that's a [__] fantastic way to
describe someone by the way a cruel
little knife
that
sure enough shaoxing chen stopped
talking
while auching wasn't in the know she
still seemed to sense something amiss
she held her breath and sent a stealthy
glare at shu young her teeth grinding
like she desperately wanted to bite him
after staring into nothingness for a
while shashington broke the silence
i do not know where he is at the moment
but i hope
he trailed off and powdered oching's
head
alright let us stop here for tonight i
really am no good at telling stories it
is much too difficult for me
aching replied obediently oh all right
unexpectedly shu young suddenly spoke up
how about i tell one
au-chang hadn't accepted the
disappointment of going without so she
immediately agreed okay yes yes you tell
one
shi young began languidly
once upon a time there was a child
and that is totally where we have to
stop for today
[__]
because it is 4 30.
damn i really should have gotten
something to scream into
i can't scream into anything i've got
neighbors they'll think i'm getting
killed i've got to scream into something
i can't reach pillow it's all the way
over there
i am up a creek
i'll go
scream into something after this live
stream ends then i guess
[Music]
we are at the very top
of page 126.
huh
i cannot i
i cannot
cannot
absolutely not
no
no no
okay
that's it
for this stream that's it for today
we um
we did about as many pages as we did
last time i think an hour and a half
just kind of generally means we cover
about
40 pages
which is pretty good time actually we
are i predicted last time we'd be about
a third of the way through at the end of
this let me see
if we're at 127
out of 350 actually
i'm about right
we are about a third of the way through
this
okay
i feel like the entire first half
is going to be ye city
and then
we'll move on to other things
no
i feel like they're still
um we still have
we still have a long ways to go i i
think
so if it's not just like the first half
then maybe like two-thirds of this might
be yi city and then like the last third
might be
whatever's beyond that
but
we are making great time
that's actually pretty fantastic i think
an hour and a half is the sweet spot i
think this is the i think this is the
perfect kind of length an hour and a
half and somewhere in the middle we take
a couple minutes
to you know drink some water go to the
bathroom that kind of stuff um i feel
like that's that's that's good that's a
really good length not too long not too
short
you get to make good time but you don't
have to it just it works real well
[Music]
oh i know as you're talking about the um
the embarrassing quote-unquote whatever
that means scene uh isn't in this one
but it's in volume three or four i
thought please do correct me if i'm
wrong i thought there were only going to
be three volumes of moda sushi which
surprised me even at the time because i
was like how are how is that gonna
happen
but there's more than um
there's more than three volumes for this
yes or is it just three
um
i would think you would need like four
volumes
to tell this entire thing
but maybe it is three i don't know
right it's like five or something
i i i don't know where i got the
impression that it was just gonna be
three volumes but i remember very
distinctly getting that impression
five or six yeah
cause like if they're spending this much
time just on yi city there's no way
there's no way that they could get to
the end by the end of volume three
especially if they're all going to be
about 350 pages
right yeah the story is just too big for
it to be three
whoo
oh we're all like five eight seven six
i'll have to check
or i guess double check really
yeah meanwhile tgcf is just never going
to end tgc was just going to be double
whatever moda zuccio winds up being
because i know that that's about what it
is tgcf is almost literally double
just checked thank you mia
five volumes awesome
volume three comes out
uh this fall fall slash winter
i don't know if we have a release date
for that though
we might by the by the time we actually
finish this volume on streams
and the last streams you know we might
have released it if we don't already
have one
oh couscous yeah go to sleep
if you're falling asleep go to sleep
we're at the very ass end of the stream
yeah ice dragon we mentioned that at the
beginning moto zushi is getting uh
getting the official english release for
the main one december i think that's
like december 22nd
i might be pulling that out of nowhere
though
okay i know the embarrassing
thing to read isn't in this one
gotcha i mean i figured
we're gonna run into explicitness
somewhere i just have no idea where
which for me is kind of fun because i
just have no idea when to expect it i
mean probably not in the middle of the
east city arc but you know
huh
yeah it's from seven seas as well the
the english uh man wise from seven seas
just like
just like this just like the novel i
know anna's sorry for getting your hopes
up no no it's fine it's fine
i will just
i will just enjoy it all the more
she's really making you wait she's
really making you wait
which i appreciate
uh
alrighty
i believe that is it for today
i will be back
tuesday as per usual same bat time same
bat channel i will try to get the stream
up for you guys to like you know hop on
and chat before
um it actually goes live i'll try to
remember to get that up you know like
ahead of time and not literally right
when the stream is supposed to be
starting
i tend to my brain my add brain tends to
like file live streams away is you don't
have to do anything ahead of time that's
the beauty of live streams you just show
up and it happens
which isn't exactly true
it's kind of true
but not quite so i tend to scramble in
the last few minutes leading up to a
live stream i'm really trying to work on
that
ooh couscous go to sleep
don't don't bust out the feelings at the
tail end of a stream
how dare
go to sleep
i will see you guys
on i almost said monday i will see you
guys on tuesday
at 3 p.m
for more
of the delightful ye city arc
that's just a light and fluffy good time
and uh please remember to take care of
yourselves in the meantime
and i will see you
then for another
delightful part
of this very sunshiny and not at all
painful story
so i will see you guys on tuesday